able transportar
scarce impedir
life apacible
sigh recobrar
hold conservar
cause pasar
person inocente
soul ingenuo
last final
cut propósito
blow país
bat la
dead quitar
utter entrada
direct capaz
infinite infinito
living serio
pure conducta
partly espectáculo
very acto
do dar
all total
wholly completo
alone tejado
make entregar
beast caza
brute presa
creature criatura
perfectly caso
utterly inútil
clean cruzar
thirsty hambre
play tocar
plant patrimonio
flat cuerno
object comparecer
rest descanso
move cortar
good recto
austere tomo
ill cumplimiento
matter asunto
substance gozo
food reserva
retire peligroso
arise subir
rise levantar
awake despierto
rouse cazar
knowledge mamá
affect celo
abundant aumentar
feeling igual
plentiful fértil
rich cena
riotous junta
form expresión
shape forma
thick roca
calm calma
time matanza
rank prestar
state inteligencia
even frágil
still paz
rare demanda
assaulted calle
battered muralla
beaten suelo
rather adelanto
refresh julio
always arder
ever limpio
possession comprador
tolerable tiro
crane paloma
approved obrero
condemned resistencia
measure patrón
bray mortero
thing contemplar
roar medio
deed adivinar
much cuidado
course entero
not inquietar
no reflexión
any borracho
look apariencia
faithful enseñar
clap voz
spat ciego
true mostrar
performance querer
bathe mueble
away partida
cleanse atravesar
faulty culpa
record verdadero
wide ancho
wash ribera
accustomed cambiar
going tramo
unaccustomed oído
soap jabón
new crear
coming presenciar
entering puerta
entry acceso
set terreno
return haz
moreover menudo
accepted víctima
confessed confesión
departure punto
leaving tanto
condition modo
given costa
leave serenidad
parting comienzo
supposed fantasma
secret oculto
rattling sonido
mighty permanente
right galería
sailing navegación
instantly alcanzar
thin delgado
gain provecho
escape decidido
flight valiente
round idea
about maravilloso
hat estatuto
try conciencia
quick manifestación
bear soportar
garment vestir
lively son
cover protección
vesture verbo
consummation semana
strip desierto
on defensor
off camino
retired pueblo
truly actuar
coat anual
indeed bautizo
hit herido
mark encargo
open ojo
pass pie
dark oscuro
slow conquista
beget padre
get conseguir
mother papá
multiply embarazo
failing planta
again pierna
breed clase
fall residir
backsliding novedad
foal cría
hence llevar
therefore sostener
thus cargar
lamb rico
ant hormiga
calve parto
carry torrente
thereof extraordinario
live vivir
fault delincuente
extinct ejército
blot borrar
spot cuerpo
stain abatir
confusion harto
lift alzar
else embajada
skip saltar
quiet sosiego
bull fallar
hurt daño
suffer sufrir
too acuerdo
also cargo
likewise deber
getting fugaz
wail hijo
prolonged definido
cry ansiedad
finally molesto
tear arrastrar
now venir
addition pila
immediately llegar
sweat intensidad
redemption garantía
added gemir
further necesidad
more urgencia
release soltar
other cosa
wound herida
put lugar
side longitud
afflict angustia
pain dolor
trouble carga
pull arruinar
due reponer
inheritance poseer
void marido
bind mover
distress dificultad
beat tomar
occupation oficio
cast derribar
spue dios
terribly preparación
lacking instancia
wanting completar
collar túnica
subjection someter
restitution utilidad
tarry fraude
help mando
giving culto
comfort consuelo
ease tranquilidad
remedy remedio
medicine sanidad
better superior
oil plato
delivery mujer
rescue libra
saving salvación
shoot tirar
salvation seguridad
cup destino
afterward examinar
remission perdón
conversion conversión
take sacar
atonement presentación
propitiation demostración
wreathed sobre
feathered llover
instead señal
shock tumba
execution duodécimo
turn cambio
cripple cierto
degenerate vid
service dirección
recover piso
twice mercancía
fade trapo
languish mundo
waste triste
interpretation interpretar
grow incrementar
cunning hábil
sprout retoño
tiller labrador
forward avanzar
draw destruir
drive ir
thrust violencia
throw arrancar
age edad
hurl odio
exercise ejercicio
work permanecer
smoke color
spit lengua
safe justo
harm mal
best excelente
pale caballo
advised puerto
most área
near vecino
nigh región
wise débil
burn separado
press supremo
beautiful gala
drag red
tow chispa
give amo
struck gravedad
draught pesca
bright resplandor
dear precioso
spitting barba
bound límite
leap umbral
sending delegación
receive juicio
shooting brotar
remain problema
stay desgracia
accepting resurrección
follow seguir
touch corazón
aground banco
render fruto
wipe mojar
drowned tropezar
experience sabiduría
afraid espantar
dismayed luchar
walk caminar
worst orgullo
fearful grande
expressly busca
foul espíritu
hunted alcance
fly volar
blast rumor
roller roto
out masa
bald calvo
homer coro
single sano
double doble
knock cierre
rough expulsión
whip freno
lick posesión
hard sólido
kiss besar
snatch izquierda
bring producir
land aislado
churning mantequilla
stirred incitar
check comprensivo
exchange cristal
joining sala
vigilant obispo
watchful morir
grain mero
meeting convocar
little pequeña
early movida
late tarde
lap propiedad
find consideración
far sede
determination testigo
finding enumerar
asleep barco
deceased recuerdo
departed nave
gone marcha
second segundo
cold lluvia
support apoyo
forth salida
fallen despojar
falsifying luna
slain yacer
become viento
go aire
flowing confirmar
proportion espacio
use práctica
decrease menguar
barren estéril
temptation raíz
fair bello
commonly sexual
augment añadir
conclusion conclusión
up ascenso
uncertain incierto
determined decisión
castle castillo
gather acumular
bare descubierto
spare guardar
fresh fresco
miserable miserable
device imaginación
means lento
way corto
together mutuo
assembled común
expedient lícito
once padecer
tooth compensación
angry violento
wings alcoba
furious furioso
embrace refugio
black negro
election elección
mad sequedad
sore difícil
fail hablar
remove estremecer
aloof apartado
bitter lamento
reconciliation proveer
clear luz
stone enorme
named preso
run ánimo
add virtud
back fijo
above modesto
turning entusiasmo
flux cama
old crónica
feed basura
promotion occidente
following grave
next bajo
post haber
string cuerda
distraction restricción
blunt aplicar
meddling insensato
am complacencia
morning hierba
afternoon quinto
front edificio
forsaking abandono
hinder inmóvil
bolt criado
banishment evitar
riddance rincón
finish terminar
proper personal
subdue operación
tame mortal
corrupt instinto
spoil nación
abuse abusar
overthrow preferencia
sure llamamiento
destruction fin
kill prender
sufficiently suficiente
ruin caída
enough pobreza
decay respecto
death muerte
such resumen
blood importancia
gore consecuencia
soft suave
fell volver
prepare conceder
salt gusto
barbed pescar
flood semejante
crafty astuto
deep superficie
confirm abundante
careless temblar
lace azul
line fuente
eloquent respetable
beginning confianza
die nacer
dumb incapaz
creation origen
foundation cimiento
speechless mudo
establishment fidelidad
build carne
opening surgir
ashamed nota
shamed prenda
guilty restituir
bake cocer
furtherance desarrollo
committed salud
betrothed permitir
gate local
loose aflojar
rule autoridad
sweeping pan
separate separar
washing orilla
attentive atento
wrapped garganta
correction corregir
unite verdad
perfection perfecto
distracted infancia
forgetful libertad
taking portero
wild salvaje
mending barca
repair reparar
care preocupación
maintenance leche
come ocupar
melt aliento
great construir
heavy piedra
large gran
breathed nariz
humiliation humillación
apart matriz
damage perjuicio
golden paño
smite atacar
mend reparación
favourable propicio
fill hacer
point puesto
watering humedad
sprinkling ceniza
wondrous crédito
glorified célebre
chew conejo
approach ver
travel confusión
walking andar
foot base
free desatar
ready ofrecer
harden regreso
teach conocimiento
gnaw hueso
sleeping velar
order decir
creep insecto
circle círculo
travelling emprender
dismaying espalda
horrible horrible
driving conducir
dread terror
dreadful fuerte
terrible terrible
riding rienda
air semilla
dip palma
rear modelo
foremost correr
yellow pelo
shadowing detalle
ride monte
light claridad
beautify honrar
pilgrimage ámbito
blossom rosa
voyage pérdida
sail navegar
low humilde
bringing perfeccionar
familiar evocar
fit campo
ascent sur
mount montaña
hoary sendero
overflow amplitud
speed veloz
quickening viviente
translation traslado
bearing encuentro
dividing particular
comely hermoso
blind mendigo
gorgeous corte
lovely deseable
obscure madre
hide esconder
behind poste
prolong alargar
evil delito
kind género
malicious recordar
small pequeño
over título
wag pase
rock grueso
cook muslo
standing vertical
span regular
left descargar
champion estatura
top cabecera
greatest importante
moderation cerca
steep permiso
boil cicatriz
bottom fondo
lowest último
branch simbólico
relief enviar
finer plata
consumption exterminio
by extensión
crush aplastar
partition barrera
cutting resto
younger menor
shearing pozo
wilt fracasar
unwittingly mate
hap casualidad
happen atención
enlargement liberación
apiece columna
each hilera
proceed gracia
spread centro
spreading baja
scattering descenso
befall acontecer
bud percibir
south brisa
strengthening recorrer
enter real
burning suelto
cease cesar
end meta
mixture compuesto
red rojizo
separation separación
stem vástago
division división
dissolve resolver
rolled sábana
root fe
perish ocasión
rent vestido
entangled salvador
threshing rodar
mist niebla
cool agua
courageous cuidar
heat intenso
desperate cosecha
stouthearted usar
valiant duda
infolding torno
folding dormir
pattern diseño
blown tesoro
custom costumbre
landed saludar
ash pino
translate transferir
lighted cajón
embracing abrazar
persecution duración
oppression presión
troubling perturbar
vexation amontonar
using pretexto
shady arroyo
house hogar
bag chica
sport deporte
glittering reluciente
shining brillo
refine tercio
twinkling cerrar
swim nadar
broad amplio
liberal noble
row gasto
fight memoria
obstinate hierro
stubborn rebelde
broken blanco
brotherly devoción
pro campamento
crushed vacío
ground laguna
dissolved temporal
kept sujeto
hunt buscar
hunting bendecir
settle estable
buried subida
labouring apoyar
occupied empleado
slothful cerco
down solitario
flash si
bowls botón
piercing penetrante
rending libre
stormy vapor
tempestuous tormenta
fierce sol
confident estancia
attended responder
neglected número
yield producción
certain llamada
particular esposa
graven escultura
sevens hembra
people morar
heap tarea
ink pluma
patience prueba
hearts voluntario
gin ave
restrained océano
west alejar
rush cola
hasten funcionario
detain preparar
c escolta
middle mitad
silence silencio
median reino
edge borde
darts apagar
bet combatir
numbers lista
convinced público
riot gozar
perfect boca
feast reducción
stamp polvo
necessary necesario
unstable inestable
demonstration mensaje
crown belleza
fourfold pagar
incurable mentir
debase rey
justify previsto
altered media
changed prisión
transformed justificación
same pieza
withdraw apartar
immutable imposible
peculiar propio
charge mandato
charged maldito
reel perder
hired frustrar
chaste casta
virgin comportamiento
high parecido
cheerful florecer
glad lucir
gay ropa
blue presencia
singing vencer
bark ladrar
amethyst noveno
gold tela
tender mozo
chestnut comparar
business aspiración
coral coral
bill recibo
green verde
greenish mancha
hazel castaño
honey escoger
olive renunciar
scarlet rojo
figure figura
straw lavar
vermilion prostitución
inform sentencia
camp considerable
dawn maría
issue objeto
serve rendir
sole secar
heel talón
dyed acacia
flaming llama
waxen gordo
deeds libro
works ejemplar
polishing talle
exalt descender
christian cristiano
vocation digno
barbarian bárbaro
office estar
place posición
country solo
western occidental
longer dimensión
raw crudo
unspotted visitar
washed inocencia
unclean período
filthy genio
think pensar
wrinkle arruga
apprehend gobernador
comprehend comprender
understand entendimiento
defiled comercio
stewardship mayordomo
throne juzgar
see razón
perceive entender
trade ganadería
acknowledge crecer
know existir
read comprensión
transparent vidrio
painting pintura
profession vacilación
cloudy pastor
law desplazar
master habitación
learn saber
discover causa
hear motivo
writing obra
handwriting cruz
study trabajar
consume consumir
clement evangelio
accounting poderoso
vile sucio
sharp agudo
toil labor
fool inteligente
travail trabajo
wrestle lucha
remember resultado
forget reposo
farther acudir
utmost extremo
uttermost ala
mind estómago
past largo
retain retener
neighbour precepto
extreme calor
desert gente
except raya
examination escribir
search minucioso
enquiry reflexionar
experiment experimentar
confound avergonzar
stump tronco
enlighten lámpara
clothed cuello
arrayed collar
visitation pedir
count pleno
peeled brillante
meditate meditar
ponder cuenta
poll cabello
recount aviso
reckon nombre
suppose causar
bottomless cadena
uncovered apropiado
stripped desnudo
answer dueño
establish próximo
found inmediato
orderly toma
divide repartir
quarter viejo
name imagen
tell informar
according concepto
describe descripción
sort manera
lump pasta
range pasto
comfortless no
painful duro
wretched pobre
prove probar
shew demostrar
discomfited filo
affirm firmeza
abide resistir
stand ayuda
submit institución
judge relación
ordinary ración
frequent medida
standard jefe
special especial
elect esperar
rubbing sábado
covering abrigo
anointing cortina
book lectura
odd rescate
prefer principal
weight gloria
subject intención
believe creer
daubing cal
waxing mayoría
duty discurso
several perla
part totalidad
reject establecer
stead componer
behalf privilegio
lean flaco
signed documento
consider considerar
esteem estima
sweet aroma
guard tiempo
like nieve
compact ciudad
preparation víspera
prize estadio
respect respeto
example esfuerzo
comparable barro
threefold triple
commission autorización
one correspondiente
will carácter
blaze difundir
hell pálido
liberty espiar
consult interior
hope seguro
frame estructura
contending pronunciar
mean futuro
complaining aborto
wish madurez
want escasez
iniquity perverso
under pendiente
wickedness falta
whole doler
whoredom orgía
drink participar
drinking bebida
drunkenness copa
treason conspiración
decree mes
lying unión
fraud maldición
greet beso
sin claro
sinning pecar
price valor
pride desenlace
envy simple
anger ira
wrath furia
offence inevitable
blame fundación
wonder admiración
bribery compañía
keep preservar
maintain mantener
observe pacto
array enfrentar
deal aspecto
sting victoria
stealing robar
theft oveja
robbery robo
protection vino
venture arco
endeavour empeño
bid primero
gathered comunidad
share afilar
face faz
pains noticia
battle informe
say manifestar
divided rugir
force fuerza
stick flotar
impose renta
trial desesperación
instruct correcto
adventure teatro
burden transporte
command escuchar
compel obligación
require traje
ask obtener
request voluntad
petition petición
danger peligro
peril riesgo
chance carrera
adjure sumo
appeal acusar
exact exigir
determinate previo
pray juego
plead argumento
fulfilled exigencia
holding muñeca
extended servidumbre
persuade convencer
enlarged corresponder
diminished aumento
custody disposición
hands banda
security fianza
tempt tentar
witch mago
entice dominar
wearing adorno
question pregunta
spy explorar
coupled aro
breath respiración
feeding apacentar
ignorant endurecimiento
consecrate hecho
consecrated suceso
forbid negar
profaned coma
violated distinguir
refuse comprar
consent diferente
conception nacimiento
copulation emisión
ass palo
pleasure bienestar
welfare procurar
love dulce
scoff burla
cross acta
invisible temer
head principio
avoid esposo
repay denuncia
eaten diferenciar
consumed misión
declare declarar
manifest manifiesto
weeping llanto
wailing fúnebre
saint visión
incontinent natural
flame fuego
continual molestar
times sombrío
everlasting perpetuo
perpetual perenne
judgment opinión
advocate abogado
estimation estimación
perceiving discutir
talk trama
sustained brazo
continued atónito
lie alegre
watch suceder
sight cara
contained contenido
hearing lucro
smell similar
instruction atender
teaching servir
received primo
slander murmurar
mock culpabilidad
deceive cansancio
bushy oro
condemn condenar
praise villa
salute entrar
rejoice tristeza
broiled pescado
glory admirar
burned piel
burnt cuero
cheer placer
seared mentira
laud vez
hiss abeja
assembly sociedad
corrupted pronto
corruptible semejanza
curse maldecir
bless acción
incorruptible corona
tillage cultivo
goodly cruce
foretell ausente
counsel magnífico
bodily corporal
defer voto
spiritual espiritual
composition composición
flatter abierto
corrected mayor
commend respuesta
art misterioso
boast regla
vaunt numeroso
promise firme
urbane urbano
grace anunciar
honor injusticia
commit distinción
thank mención
excuse invisible
incredible increíble
marvellous milagroso
conflict conflicto
forgive razonar
pardon perdonar
grave toque
grievous golpe
complain pleito
nurture disciplina
protest orgulloso
bewail incendio
insurrection encontrado
revolt enfermo
uprising pensamiento
yell león
pierced pandilla
warfare condena
hewn cantera
curious ajustar
storm poder
questioning resucitar
wondering éxito
convey río
signify siguiente
intelligence santo
cursed uva
disclose castigar
reveal revelar
blessed creación
bewray mediodía
sing conocer
made socio
speak paso
sum vida
ripped ensanchar
torn uso
scraped resultante
embroider cinturón
reading leer
asking arrojar
collection contribución
continuance faltar
lengthening grato
send echar
discouraged rodear
emulation provocar
process enfermedad
promote privado
trumpet resonar
rite eternidad
worship introducir
simple exposición
church abundar
marriage boda
confirmation confirmación
sanctification controlar
oblation presentar
offering tener
prayer oración
supplication plegaria
execute realizar
frail pasajero
stern amanecer
instant instante
commanding predicar
regeneration regeneración
resurrection mencionar
burial entierro
burying muerto
lodging abandonar
habitation morada
sojourn partido
visiting celoso
provision satisfacer
reserved mar
exaction vender
respite alivio
waiting regresar
note trato
sobriety prudencia
fasting despido
mercy amar
baptize posar
allied encargado
title monumento
desirable deseo
mail casco
preferred tratamiento
desolate estado
ruined tierra
finished pasión
parcel suma
portion suerte
maintained trono
gift ofensa
jawbone mil
alms limosna
field cálculo
chant estilo
vexed abuso
bridle frenar
moving bóveda
ferry ayudar
dealing afán
operations diversidad
diligent invierno
weak ídolo
provide llegada
through crimen
seek profundo
government admirable
mastery foso
meet sentir
quit bastón
obedience obediencia
prudent maravilla
justice juez
staff anular
crew cante
authority comisión
permission concesión
levy campaña
imprisonment cárcel
lose ganar
win comparación
constraint rebaño
shame sabio
defeat pasado
punishment ausencia
meek tierno
beating golpear
chastisement ofender
eagle rastro
supreme soberanía
fighting batalla
pin colgar
hammer sien
battering grito
fray cadáver
sharpened serpiente
mine pretender
case salvar
contain contener
changing vigencia
opinion parecer
lurk trampa
bird alma
whale marino
plea decidir
latter cabo
tree compañera
divorce carta
young astucia
faith sincero
attained ministro
hand marca
refuge convenio
strange forastero
ministration fijar
consolation afecto
fort adorar
fat comida
admiration asombro
knowing guía
taught instrucción
condemnation riguroso
dine administrador
effectual cohesión
wolf botín
laboured disgusto
board codo
session guerra
appearing aparición
presence reunión
absence oportunidad
vengeance consolar
fulfil ejecutar
intercession intento
elected iglesia
assigned meseta
hunger enemigo
trap lazo
delight comodidad
enjoy agradable
foolishness discreción
satiate venganza
host población
devour devorar
consultation mañana
applied dedicar
delighted guardián
paw oso
mouse cerdo
guide mano
mortgaged grano
laden descansar
increased agitación
magnified acontecimiento
multiplied asegurado
decreased décimo
knife cuchilla
roof celda
avid perro
lukewarm tibio
desirous cariño
port dragón
athirst sed
hungry apetito
devouring consumidor
dust capa
shine iluminación
slime ladrillo
must tapar
contemptible física
praising salto
flattering breve
distressed jurado
causeway avenida
hen templo
paper papel
male enterrar
offspring arte
suckling mama
giant guerrero
horn sonar
furrow toro
cockle trigo
knit actitud
wrap manta
condemning injusto
remaining dejar
chain abismo
expected porvenir
earth único
mate pareja
pair par
deferred árbol
shroud era
practised continuo
anchor velo
understood asesinar
unspeakable paraíso
shovel salado
plucked telar
grope tambalear
pursue desastre
outer exterior
in cercanía
inner fachada
shear macho
tail vara
engrave grabar
private interpretación
overlay cubierta
rod cima
eyed sospecha
sew coser
inter sueño
bread viaje
tile arcilla
faithless dedo
uncover desnudar
infallible visible
acquainted sufrimiento
shut fosa
swift rápido
winged especie
bond varón
thread cordón
laver capacidad
garner juntar
nest vuelo
pearl transparente
concluded escritura
ended diablo
towel toalla
maimed animal
cane caña
flinty miel
gentle ser
neck gesto
bed lecho
doubled cuadrado
tongue idioma
fetch situación
after estrecho
channel corriente
alien extraño
home casa
roe ligero
household familia
bore oreja
former rollo
castaway obedecer
poor insignificante
sieve acabar
sift pedido
perfumed mercader
stinking frasco
mingle mezclar
entangle palabra
border frontera
rid desaparecer
imprisoned dije
slave esclavo
snare pájaro
mouldy seco
rotten cobre
decayed plan
cured hija
salted sabor
amiable músico
enemy pisar
lay sitio
bountiful generoso
unfruitful participación
overflowing plenitud
emptied vaciar
sling atar
ram despedir
frost sustancia
prepared salir
wedge peso
sit asiento
seat plaza
beggarly mejor
base soporte
stolen nostalgia
redeeming redención
abominable diferencia
forest multitud
mischievous locura
wicked fatal
heinous castigo
shred falda
pasture pastizal
churlish brusco
sudden repentino
core error
unthankful dinero
joyful feliz
hardened territorio
cruel convertir
mocker licor
hearted material
image estatua
puffed aplicado
accomplish cumplir
effect cólera
heavenly patria
kite buitre
assemble reunir
burdensome listo
hill ladera
rase día
ministering seguido
web despertar
eminent edificar
lofty alto
lifted curar
exalted elevado
higher apuesto
copy copia
vein mina
mountain montón
author desorden
deceitful explotación
honourable capricho
noble glorioso
upright derecho
turtle canción
farm negocio
till recibir
print difunto
fervent exactitud
fuel quemar
summer sensato
disquiet reposar
winter huida
dragon monstruo
moloch estrella
grudge rencor
hate rechazo
abhor escupir
brutish madera
fear miedo
terrify desprecio
haunt favor
hasty severo
vex rival
offend pecado
plague peste
chief fundamento
repent arrepentirse
mourn reír
sorrow resentimiento
frustrate ley
abase humillar
evident evidente
dirt quieto
disposed aparecer
minded playa
pity compasión
informed iluminar
hip cadera
inhabited pata
inherited bendición
strangled guarida
wounded bestia
guiltless condenado
asp pecho
philistine desafío
vagabond invocar
causeless estorbo
fashioned mirada
coast invadir
bored abertura
scorpion huevo
wearisome heredar
trespassing infidelidad
renewing renovación
troop mesa
bereaved caja
outrun discípulo
beacon amenaza
known soñar
notable famoso
interpreted vuelta
sea izquierdo
ship largar
dodo librar
pigeon cordero
dove pico
greater arrebatar
lawful expresar
descend habitar
unleavened sacrificar
weather dorado
plummet nivel
ly trágico
presumed arca
traded estaño
shadow oscuridad
attain lograr
unreasonable razonable
cob ganado
transgress maldad
durable ganancia
eternal eterno
flock cocina
pour muchedumbre
swarm nube
rescued tropa
yelled desolación
rumbling debilidad
hateful potente
detestable contaminar
odious sueldo
worshipped ritual
beloved elegir
despised contrario
hated adversario
stock lección
directed consejero
horseback jinete
married casar
flee escapar
united asamblea
unmarried agradar
divorced válido
unripe olivo
highest estabilidad
meaning significado
hollow hueco
musical canto
sense sentido
melted hedor
unmerciful misericordia
vehement amor
stink asco
cense fecha
behold portador
crashing barrio
seem religión
moon solemnidad
conceal ocultar
cloak mejilla
candle encender
descry reconocimiento
espy reconocer
overshadow sombra
righteous logro
many suspender
few retorno
ding bondad
toll impuesto
moved contento
muzzle salario
discern apreciar
fleeing accidente
own íntimo
possess cercano
stopped reconstrucción
world tema
born inscribir
stork nido
charming experto
crowning nobleza
pleasant delicioso
lordly taza
northern oriental
redeem adopción
heard pena
be quedar
observed honor
obedient joya
usurp ejercer
disobedient escándalo
profit beneficio
compelled griego
indebted tentación
benefit bien
unsavoury sal
lot residencia
scornful silla
contrite aprobación
belong bueno
planted plantar
ancient anuncio
bereave sucesor
inherit tratar
rob privar
hoar rocío
borrow vecina
lend mérito
furnish fortuna
opened ligadura
swallowed referir
greyhound gallo
cheek manto
disorderly ajeno
setter este
laid parcela
queen capital
daubed asfalto
leopard lobo
leaved derecha
covert amparo
disguised realidad
paid huir
oppress oprimir
inexcusable excusa
tend parar
captain cuarto
belly amargar
sometime mente
then detener
calved parir
peaceable arrasar
warring combate
faultless defecto
undefiled matrimonio
permitted defensa
perplexed perplejo
amerce multa
ain costado
warning advertir
fleshly testimonio
bee mosca
soldier militar
religious religioso
conceived seno
locust soplar
meddle huella
encouraged disponer
displeased confrontación
sick cumplido
burnished bronce
unwise torpe
heed vientre
impotent movimiento
almighty herir
reigning llorar
cropped punta
tilled contraste
persecute refugiado
penny moneda
tributary viuda
only techo
cost precio
deprived olvidar
vain visita
lack reprochar
expert conocedor
unprofitable útil
deserve pesar
uncomely flor
pertain persona
fortified ángulo
shelter torre
haughty altivo
respected mirar
proved trueno
excel dirigir
concern preciso
punished rescatar
reproved evidencia
unpunished impune
polluted árabe
body incremento
crackling risa
may observar
might encontrar
ought cubrir
should llenar
reasoning razonamiento
thinking pago
shall implacable
would comparable
could continuar
invented lanzar
horse conductor
avenging derramar
colt esquina
requited haya
rain lluvioso
oiled torta
mule mula
converted cerrado
ox ilegal
cattle temprano
kine nuevo
heifer enterar
kin tío
kindred exponer
concerning saque
regarding servicio
brother hermano
fellow compañero
sister hermana
sheep consumo
goat individuo
chamois cabra
withdrawn distancia
wavering ola
mocking culpable
roebuck matar
camel aguja
dromedary valle
fretted recaer
renewed águila
ai revista
knee rodilla
unrighteous resaltar
man bajar
squared frente
holy distribución
hallowed central
reverenced homenaje
reverend temible
worldly prudente
differing profecía
diverse mezcla
divers preparado
said norma
self juzgado
nuts huerto
hidden secreto
lurking información
promised rito
locked verano
inferior inferior
sent frecuencia
chosen contar
shaven consagración
shod seda
barefoot prodigio
seeing demorar
parted regar
unfeigned tolerancia
hypocritical indignación
i acertado
two chico
seven irrumpir
eight tapiz
ten proceso
eleven ruta
twelve terraza
seventeen reinar
nineteen perseguir
twenty constituir
thirty comenzar
forty nuca
sixty ciento
threescore innumerable
eighty engendrar
fourscore costoso
ninety equivalente
hundred guardia
d localidad
thousand conjunto
seventh cosechar
ninth solemne
tenth roble
fourteenth decimocuarto
sixteenth octavo
eighteenth alcalde
fortieth undécimo
eightieth año
sleeper capitán
written revés
shambles preguntar
whatsoever conveniente
both árbitro
every aliado
forum oír
spoken manzana
uttered explicar
sung aprender
statute legal
altar labrar
quaking temblor
antiquity antigüedad
armoury arsenal
arrow nocturno
disappointed consulta
failed socorro
axe sierra
tops colina
excellent sereno
backbone sacrificio
founded inundación
diamond tabla
amazed pánico
astonished horror
barrel botella
turned girar
swept antiguo
so imitar
castor isla
bedchamber dormitorio
tamed humano
bell granada
bishop obispado
blade hombro
curdled queso
musing suspirar
boards meter
bolster almohada
called prisionero
bones juvenil
volume escrito
wearied vitalidad
refreshed séptimo
booth araña
uppermost rama
brake arma
brass lado
trimmed bigote
breeches sudar
buffeted notable
disquieted espera
brim circular
lip labio
bucket balanza
doubting dudar
cottage cabaña
agreed exacto
upward cuesta
downward metal
caldron humo
candlestick alumbrar
worth reducir
carriage equipaje
casement ventana
endangered leña
walled plazo
craved ilustre
sought interrogar
warmed patio
ward jaula
diminishing restauración
chaff limpiar
fading fruta
sanctuary tratado
sprinkled respectivo
chest oficial
consenting persecución
seen premio
wood cantidad
apparel judío
clothes judía
arms tensar
honoured miembro
sheath eliminar
comforter alejado
goods reparto
compass horizonte
conduit estanque
girdle uniforme
stays respaldo
ointment puro
diadem justicia
crystal impresionante
dial retroceder
napkin pañuelo
ditch guiar
door muro
threshold pared
leader comandante
dulcimer música
dwelling vivienda
earring dócil
organ duelo
remainder parte
remnant destrucción
fashions corredor
tubal príncipe
recorder cronista
piece caer
story historia
sheepcote prado
footstool cubierto
fountain turbio
frogs rogar
furnace postre
furniture calidad
gaddi tribu
gat cumbre
gourd gusano
governor gobierno
tomb vigilancia
orchard exquisito
gutter ataque
habergeon dardo
haft hoja
harp tono
haven incómodo
heart buen
highway vía
hole agujero
milch corral
hunter cazador
ice hielo
god perfección
wheaten aceite
woollen lana
chains infierno
javelin clavar
jaws vigor
jeroboam designar
cursing cómplice
held palpar
pursued caballería
remembered materno
king muestra
ladder escalera
mower regazo
parlour llave
mainsail vela
manger prisa
mart mercado
mast desplegar
maul falso
merchandise protector
ministry capacitar
mitre lámina
mouth acechar
mules anillo
munitions fortaleza
impediment sordo
balm virgen
oracle poner
palace palacio
pan plancha
pavement mármol
pillow doméstico
porch construcción
presbytery imposición
rampart concentración
wall dedicación
ranch ardiente
ruler dirigente
scaffold plataforma
scum pedazo
seam soldado
sickle maduro
socket talento
spoiler llanura
stairs distrito
steps vestíbulo
steel romper
stole compartir
sword partir
synagogue ayudante
tabor encina
tapestry tendido
tare demonio
tent unir
timbrel lira
trench caber
trump abrir
vineyard placentero
strake ceñir
ways directo
willow brote
fruit producto
spirit tranquilo
nature naturaleza
tenderness asentar
passion vivo
temper vegetal
sharpness dureza
bitterness queja
readiness verificar
gravity seriedad
countenance brillar
comeliness atractivo
affinity traspasar
plainness esperanza
blemish lesión
clearness pavimento
faintness ruido
boldness rostro
rigour crueldad
magnificence diosa
variableness don
stability depósito
immutability convincente
unity unidad
equality igualdad
certainty certeza
slackness paciente
sweetness perfume
truth sumisión
pomp soledad
obscurity hambriento
righteousness recuperación
compassion piedad
bounty reina
liberality generosidad
greediness sensibilidad
malice fiesta
virtue divino
conscience aceptable
honour facultad
purity juventud
wantonness envidia
courage responsabilidad
valour administración
hypocrisy practicar
integrity integridad
incorruption corrupción
honesty dignidad
faithfulness extender
humbleness paciencia
humility enseñanza
manners engañar
badness feo
gentleness ternura
thickness lirio
blackness cobertura
ivory fino
wine héroe
greenness tallo
navy flota
darkness penumbra
odour olor
quietness pacífico
spicery comer
fatness alimento
height elevación
stature altura
sinew encaje
fury hostil
degree condición
depth profundidad
r aceptar
largeness arena
sufficiency miseria
abundance trabajador
wealth riqueza
dearth ocurrir
overplus venta
fewness disminución
bounds raza
hour yeso
breadth marco
highness triunfo
advantage ventaja
unprofitableness anterior
forwardness eficacia
moment momento
jurisdiction jurisdicción
reins penetrar
ability valoración
flesh físico
clay fundir
region todo
scab costra
marrow júbilo
liver hígado
juice jugo
waters oscurecer
spittle loco
dura anchura
breast investidura
navel medicina
backside posterior
buttocks trasero
fist puño
tarsus ciudadano
nostrils confiar
imagination tendencia
science ciencia
workmanship habilidad
sleight doctrina
speech lenguaje
eyesight limpieza
tradition tradición
forgetfulness olvido
pestilence epidemia
assurance constante
confidence fiel
beholding orden
noise despliegue
believing inefable
assay reprimir
letters sistema
imagery cámara
thought temor
testament letra
acquaintance amigo
verity apóstol
grief amargura
teacher maestra
ghost sagrado
policy sorpresa
fare millar
meat alegría
expectation expectativa
eyes encanto
gospel bautizar
heresy embargo
occasions fama
ignorance callar
realm excelencia
arts magia
devices nulo
partiality prejuicio
forefront cabeza
message recado
words habla
parable despedida
salutation saludo
superscription inscripción
treatise relato
scripture justificar
psalm revelación
numbering censo
declaration declaración
covenant recitar
acceptation aceptación
greeting dispersión
hi espeso
tidings ángel
advice estrategia
oath jurar
swearing advertencia
preaching proclamación
derision ridículo
proclamation exceptuar
accusation acusación
tale suspiro
peace encaminar
forerunner sacerdote
ague fiebre
roman romano
he enriquecer
heth cueva
nun distribuir
ut señor
re medir
la norte
si celebrar
hymn cantar
utterance comunicar
clamour junto
hosanna palmera
devil nacionalidad
communion comunión
exhortation iniciativa
saying afirmar
slang bolsa
commandment reglamento
assent llamar
concord armonía
dissension discusión
controversy misterio
importunity insistencia
thanksgiving proclamar
yes supuesto
yea lumbre
nay avance
boasting progreso
damnation compromiso
oration tribunal
sceptre gobernar
miracle milagro
affliction multiplicar
calvary calavera
growth tardío
desolation ruina
adversity congoja
uproar turba
pulse beber
lightning cauce
occasion obstáculo
earthquake delicado
victory lágrima
zeal satisfacción
appetite cuchillo
pining tejido
painfulness frío
agony sudor
tranquillity consejo
madness malo
joyfulness potencia
mirth elogio
belonging relativo
sadness enmienda
woe ciclo
misery proceder
guilt lástima
hatred aclarar
despising autor
enmity asesino
ruth adquirir
victuals cobrar
nourishment crecimiento
provender paja
dinner invitado
supper oportuno
broth canasta
organs danza
venison equipo
eater germinar
corn época
mulberry consultar
pomegranate hilo
barley cuota
herb vegetación
hyssop vaca
vinegar inclinado
kingdom disperso
tribe tipo
family clan
colony colonia
empire inmenso
maker talla
genealogy registro
estate decreto
commonwealth promesa
army radiante
men grupo
followers ejemplo
city pertenecer
village marta
league alianza
year cultivar
council investigar
posterity contacto
woman imperio
mover plaga
there ágil
heavens fulgor
principality principado
heaven cielo
perdition indicio
midst albañil
parts leve
province provincia
wilderness cruel
wherefore derrota
why fracaso
coal carbón
dregs gota
lees vaso
crag peña
hills paralelo
dale derrotar
isle habitante
sky celeste
cloud rayo
sun predicción
fen oeste
creek posible
necessity constancia
christ aldea
angel vista
cherub rueda
inhabitant zona
traveller viajero
boy niño
accused dichoso
friend amante
adversary firma
ambassador embajador
archer tirador
aunt tía
baker favorable
beggar sentar
worshipper temeroso
taker compra
extortioner acreedor
bride novio
builder arquitecto
busybody ladrón
centurion piloto
child joven
workfellow colaborador
gatherer profeta
standard-bearer bosque
sharper eficaz
cousin sexto
creditor préstamo
pastor traer
steward servidor
wench criada
daughter muchacha
girl niña
debtor deudor
potentate debido
disciple renuncia
physician médico
traitor traidor
duke línea
evangelist ministerio
husbandman ocupación
soothsayer espada
foreigner extranjero
founder hombre
fresher adolescencia
grandmother abuela
churl enredar
handmaid regalo
hearer espejo
infidel peor
heir universo
inheritor heredero
householder contratar
hypocrite hipócrita
idolater herencia
firebrand leño
jezebel estiércol
jonah pez
magistrate magistrado
kinswoman pariente
lama hora
lawyer intérprete
scholar alumno
liar ambición
lord distante
nobleman lejano
maid concebir
merchant comerciante
mistress dueña
oppressor quebrado
owner alquiler
possessor creador
prince inspector
prophet montar
prophetess cometer
proselyte propuesta
repairer generación
seller recuperar
servant presente
singer director
sir hondo
sluggard estación
sojourner huésped
son muchacho
sorceress bruja
sower sembrar
spouse novia
stranger desconocido
instructor maestro
testator testamento
thief determinar
warrior calzado
waster herramienta
lifter escudo
wife nieto
hemlock vano
juniper arbusto
myrtle recorrido
wormwood amargo
things incertidumbre
acres viña
money consiguiente
plantation denso
dominion dominio
lucre amable
taxation imponer
patrimony familiar
dowry interés
riches abundancia
shekels carro
debt deuda
laying instrumento
are asir
g puñado
at horma
shekel contribuir
bel bandera
t efecto
nothing disminuir
nought deshacer
thou colección
tittle fácil
slew cometido
heaps tercero
friendship amistad
babel dicha
cleanness diente
licence acusado
weariness estudio
sickness frustración
leprosy indicar
carbuncle jardín
wasting sangre
childhood lleno
fame grandeza
renown esplendor
ignominy vergüenza
reign establecimiento
health rapidez
nakedness descubrir
prosperity felicidad
day ignorancia
filth desdén
filthiness caliente
uncleanness normal
jeopardy lago
leather cintura
stubble recoger
galbanum uña
benjamin bailar
bdellium resina
agar actual
onyx sello
hours gritar
hereafter intervención
week proporción
days anciano
years vejez
tomorrow rumbo
today altar
morrow administrar
eve atardecer
noonday existencia
noontide alarma
evening noche
eventide anochecer
month investigación
s artículo
while turno
birthday cumpleaños
